This provides documentation for the files in the historical_upload folder

The historical_upload folder is comprised of 3 files and 2 folders that are used to
gather the data necessary for the historcial functions of the SSTS application to work. 

File Name:		stockpull.php
File Description: 	This class calls out to the yahoo historical
			stock data download link and retrieves a .csv
			file with stock data for the date range selected.
			The stock tickers are read from the dbstocks.txt
			file and each stock has its .csv file is saved
			individually.

File Name: 		histparse.php
File Description: 	This class reads the files created by stockpull.php
			(which should be in a folder called “files”) and 
			modifies them in such a way that eliminates 
			repetitive information while appending the ticker 
			at the end of each line. This allows for easy entry
			into a table. 

File Name:		dbstocks.txt
File Description:	This file contains a list of the tickers for each
			stock that is available in the SSTS function. 
			stockpull.php reads from this file.

Folder Name:		files
Folder Description:	This folder is originally empty but will be
			populated with the raw, stock data .csv files
			grabbed by stockpull.php

Folder Name:		historical
Folder Description	This folder is originally empty butt will be
			populated with parsed, optimized data .csv
			files modified by the histparse.php method.

Populating the Historical Database:

1)	Ensure that there is a suitable table in the database that 
	will act as an intermediary between the stock data load file 
	and the history table. Only three fields of data are relevant 
	and these will be marked with the NOT NULL flag in order to 
	ensure its existence. This intermediary must contain the 
	following fields:
		date VARCHAR(10) NOT NULL, 
		open int, 
		high int, 
		low int, 
		close VARCHAR(10) NOT NULL, 
		volume int, 
		adj int, 
		name VARCHAR(5) NOT NULL

2)	Ensure that in the historical_upload directory, there are 
	3 files (stockpull.php, histparse.php, dbstocks.txt) and 
	2 folder (files, historical). 

3)	First execute the stockpull.php file. This will populate 
	the files folder with individual, stock .csv files. 
	The process should take no longer than half an hour. 

4)	Once the data has been pulled, execute the histparse.php 
	file. This will populate the historical folder.

5)	Once all files have been modified, move into the historical
	folder and execute the following command:
		Cat *.csv > load.csv
	This will combine all the files into one large .csv file.

6)	Load the data from the load.csv file into the intermediary 
	table mentioned above. This will sort all the data for you, 
	even the unnecessary. The command should look similar to:
		LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE ‘load.csv’ 
		INTO TABLE IntermediaryTableName 
		FIELDS TERMINATED BY ‘,’;

7)	Load the data from the date, close and name columns from
	the intermediary into the history table. 
	The command should look similar to:
		INSERT IGNORE INTO history(symbol,trade_date,closing_price) 
		SELECT name, date, close FROM IntermediaryTableName;

